!noci
data/Applications/BridgeApp/ApplicationLicense.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/ApplicationTopic.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/BridgeHand.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/BridgeHandsDataForm.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/BridgeHandsDataViewTemplate.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/CompleteDocumentation.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/DataForm.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/DataFormAttribute.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/DeploymentList.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/DocuTopic.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/RenderApplicationDeployer.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/RenderBridgeDisplay.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/RenderBridgeHandNavigator.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/RenderLoadMoreHands.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/SeedWebHome.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/TopicFunction.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/TopicStub.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/TopicTemplate.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/TopicType.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/TopicView.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebAtom.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebChanges.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebCreateNewTopic.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebHome.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebIndex.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebLeftBar.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebLexicon.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebLinks.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebNotify.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebPreferences.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebRss.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebSearch.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebSearchAdvanced.txt Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebTool.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebTopicEditTemplate.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WebTopicList.txt 0644 Foswiki web
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WikiApplication.txt 0644 Bridge app
data/Applications/BridgeApp/WikiTopic.txt 0644 Wiki workbench
data/Sandbox/PluginTestBridgePlugin.txt 0644 Examples
data/System/BridgePlugin.txt 0644 Documentation page
data/System/VarBRIDGEAUCTION.txt 0644 Tag documentation
data/System/VarBRIDGEHANDS.txt 0644 Tag documentation
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/BridgePlugin.pm 0444 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/BridgePlugin/Board.pm 0444 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/BridgePlugin/Config.spec 0444 Configuration
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/BridgePlugin/PbnAgent.pm 0644 Bridge app
pub/System/BridgePlugin/bridgeboard.gif 0644 Bridge app
